Feature/daemon support for hardware wallet (#4168)
CodaProtocol/coda: frontend/website/pages/hardware-wallet.mdx

## Create a new account using hardware wallet

Run the following command which will create a public and private keypair in the hardware wallet:

    coda accounts create-hd HD-index

HD-index is a number that works like a seed that you give to the hardware wallet to create your public and private keypair. If you use the same HD-index with the same hardware wallet, then public and private keypair that gets generated would always be the same. If you need to use the same account on another machine, then you just need to use this command with the same HD-index and the same ledger.

During account creation, your hardware wallet may ask you to confirm the operation.

The response from this command will look like this:

    Keypair generated
    Public key:  4vsRCVbLm6LvUyzYWT95WaCzyi4D4UHxRpLBhMn7q2mRPgNCgRG3Jr3tDuhgQdmzbvCcBxhUwB3REpY2Dyf1NAxSSs8Q2vdJX93pT7eyqcyRU2S9UpDddDgovj46BSknNjzydKoopebp5Kva

Since the public key is quite long and difficult to remember, let's save it as an environment variable:

    export CODA_PUBLIC_KEY=<YOUR-PUBLIC-KEY>

Now we can access this everywhere as `$CODA_PUBLIC_KEY` -- see if it saved properly by trying `echo $CODA_PUBLIC_KEY`.

## Make a payment

> Sending a payment using hardware wallet works almost the same as send a payment from an ordinary account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sending a payment with a hardware wallet is almost the same as send a payment from an ordinary account.
```

> There're only 2 differences:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are only 2 differences:
```

> 1. You do not need to unlock your account before sending the transaction because your account is protected by your hardware wallet instead of coda daemon.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. You do not need to unlock your account before sending the transaction because your account is protected by your hardware wallet already.
```

2. Your hardware wallet may ask you to confirm the operation while signing the transaction.

> Your would use the same command as sending payments from an ordinary account: [sending a transaction](/docs/my-first-transaction/) and if everything goes on well, then the response would also looks the same as send payments from an ordinary account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can simply use the same commands to send payments found in [the docs](/docs/my-first-transaction/).

> ## Trouble shooting

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Troubleshooting
```

> ### What if I lost my hardware wallet?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### What if I lose my hardware wallet?
```

> You can buy another `Ledger Nano S` product and initialize it with the same 24-word seed. And the new `Ledger Nano S` would function exactly like the old one 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can buy another `Ledger Nano S` and initialize it with the same 24-word seed to gain access to your existing account.
```
